= Redmine Issue Templates Plugin 

Plugin to generate and use issue templates for each project to assist issue creation. 
For Redmine 2.1.x or later, please use version 0.0.4 or higher.
For Redmine 2.0, please use version 0.0.3 or higher.
For Redmine 1.3 and 1.4, please use support_0.0.2 branch.
(https://bitbucket.org/akiko_pusu/redmine_issue_templates/src/4475e1668541)

=== Plugin installation

1. Copy the plugin directory into the vendor/plugins directory.
   Please note that plugin's folder name should be "redmine_issue_templates".
   If changed, some migration task will be failed.
2. Do migration task. 
  e.g. rake db:migrate_plugins RAILS_ENV=production
  e.g. rake redmine:plugins:migrate RAILS_ENV=production  (For Redmine 2.x)
3. (Re)Start Redmine.

=== Uninstall

Try this:

* rake db:migrate_plugins NAME=redmine_issue_templates VERSION=0 RAILS_ENV=production

=== Required Settings

1. Login to your Redmine install as an Administrator
2. Enable the permissions for your Roles. 

   Show issue templates: User can show issue templates and use templates when creating/updating issues.
   Edit issue templates: User can create/update/activate templates for each project.
   Manage issue templates: User can edit help message of templates for each project.

3. Enable the module "Issue Template" on the project setting page.
4. The link to the plugin should appear on that project's navigation.

=== Note

This plugin aims to assist contributor's feedback by using template if the 
project has some format for issues.

=== Repository

* https://bitbucket.org/akiko_pusu/redmine_issue_templates

=== WebPage

* http://www.r-labs.org/projects/issue-template (Project Page)

== Changelog

=== 0.0.5

* Load default template.  (#1088)
* Show warning message in case no project trackers are assigned.
* Change CSS style when showing template. (#1141)

=== 0.0.4

* Support Redmine 2.1.x
  (Now unsupport Redmine 2.0.x. Please use ver 0.0.3 for Redmine2.0.x)
  Thak you so much, Viktor Muth, that gave me some feedback.

* Now insert template text just after the text that is already in the
  description field.  (#1115)

=== Language and I18n contributors

* Brazilian: Adriano Ceccarelli
* Korean: Jaebok Oh
* Chinese: Steven Wong
* Bulgarian: Ivan Cenov
* Russian: Denny Brain


=== License

This software is licensed under the GNU GPL v2.
